Adding Specifically Clementines to Recipe section (#3962)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Recepturer](https://recepturer.com/) `⚠` - Let Recepturer help you organize all your recipes in one place. You can add, edit and delete recipes, and create meal plans. Simply type your recipe and all ingredients will be listed as you go. Data is stored on Dropbox. ([Source Code](https://github.com/sjoerdvanderhoorn/recepturer)) `MIT` `Javascript`
- [RecipeSage](https://github.com/julianpoy/recipesage) - A recipe keeper, meal plan organizer, and shopping list manager that can import recipes directly from any URL. ([Demo](https://recipesage.com)) `AGPL-3.0` `Nodejs`
- [reciphpes!](https://github.com/nanawel/reciphpes) - A lightweight, Symfony-based recipes indexing software supporting search and tags, using a SQLite database. `MIT` `Docker`

> - [Specifically Clementines](https://davideshay.github.io/groceries/) - Grocery shopping app previously called "groceries". Reliable sync with multiple users/devices (web/mobile/Android/iOS). Includes recipes and integration with Tandoor. ([Source Code](https://github.com/davideshay/groceries)) `MIT` `JavaScript`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Specifically Clementines](https://davideshay.github.io/groceries/) - Grocery shopping app previously called "groceries". Reliable sync with multiple users/devices (web/mobile/Android/iOS). Includes recipes and integration with Tandoor. ([Source Code](https://github.com/davideshay/groceries)) `MIT` `Docker/Nodejs`
```

> In the client directory, do npm install.
> Install via Docker

Please change the end tag to `Nodejss/Docker`
